README.md, before:

# Automatic_README_Generator

  ## Description
  The task of this project was to use node.js to create an application that will automatically generate a README file for a project - and I have used it to generate the README you are looking at right now. At this point, I am having trouble with the License Badge & Link - but the rest of the functionality has been built out successfully.

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)

  ## Installation
  The following command(s) should be run to install dependencies: npm i.

  ## Tests
  The following command(s) should be run in order to run tests: node run test. 

  ## Usage 
  In order to use this repo, you must have node.js downloaded on your local machine. You also need to use the inquirer npm package.

  ## Contributing 
  What you need to know about contributing to this repo: this is open source & is not perfect! 

  ## License 
  MIT 

  ## Questions
  Project Owner: Jordyn Mancini </br>
  GitHub: [jordynnmancini](https://github.com/jordynnmancini/) </br> 
  Email: jordyn.n.mancini@gmail.com

Commit message:

figured out badge/license section issues - generated new README file

README.md, after:

# Automatic_README_Generator   ![MIT](https://www.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)

  ## Description
  The task for this project was the create an application that can automatically generate a README file using node.js based on user input. The README file you are reading right now was created by using this application.

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)

  ## Installation
  The following command(s) should be run to install dependencies: npm i.

  ## Tests
  The following command(s) should be run in order to run tests: npm run test (testing functionality has not been built out yet). 

  ## Usage 
  this repo requires you to download node.js onto your local machine. You will also need to use the npm inquirer package.

  ## Contributing 
  What you need to know about contributing to this repo: feel free to fork & use this! but do not make changes to the master branch.

  ## License 
  This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://www.mit.edu/~amini/LICENSE.md) License. 

  ## Questions
  Project Owner: Jordyn Mancini </br>
  GitHub: [jordynnmancini](https://github.com/jordynnmancini/) </br> 
  Email: jordyn.n.mancini@gmail.com
